Previously on Sons of Anarchy...
Hey, Jury.
Good to see you, Jax.
I'm gonna move Redwood
into more legitimate
enterprises.
I want us out of guns.
You told Wendy I was
hiding you from the club?
What else?
That they want me dead.
You got to go soon.
Jax is out.
Any luck with Tara's case?
Evidence?
Suspects? Anything?
Unfortunately, no.
It's been very difficult finding
people willing to cooperate.
Althea Jarry's taking over
the sheriff's office tomorrow.
She could benefit
from your history lessons.
I'm afraid my badge and gun days
got flushed away
a long time ago.
SAMCRO's throwing me a little
homecoming bash tonight.
Why don't you join us?
Bring your family, your crew.
LIN: I think maybe
I can convince my guys
to roll by.
Get up.
GEMMA:
The night Tara was killed,
I got a real good look at that
guy that was in the house.
It was him.
You killed my wife.
(muffled shouting)
(lawnmower whirring in distance)
(sighs)
(lawnmower continues whirring)
(plane passing overhead)
(sighs)
I missed this, you know?
GEMMA:
Mmm.
Yeah.
Me, too.
I'll bet you wish
that you'd never
bought me that drink.
Your life would be
a whole lot simpler.
-Simple, but not as fun.
-(Gemma chuckles)
We find who
we supposed to find, mama.
GEMMA:
Yeah.
Guess so.
Mom. Dad.
GEMMA:
Morning.
Coffee's hot.
(Wendy sighs)
You know, you shouldn't be
smoking around the boys.
NERO:
I tell her that.
I got Abel down
to half a pack a day.
Oh... all right.
Oh, hey.
Did you know
about Abel starting pre-K?
Yeah, Tara mentioned it.
This place any good?
Yeah.
Pilgrim Grove.
It's really progressive.
Meaning?
Meaning he should go, Gemma.
This isn't
the family being lazy.
This is the beginning
of his education.
(sighs)
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, the deposit's due today.
You should go check it out.
No, no, no, you go.
I'll write the check.
I don't have a car.
NERO:
This Pilgrim--
it's, uh...
it's by Quail Lake, right?
WENDY:
Yeah.
I'm headed over to Stockton.
Uh, I can give you a lift.
WENDY:
Yeah?
Thanks.
Good.
I'm gonna go out back and, uh,
give the azaleas cancer.
She grows on you.
(motorcycles rumbling)
(train horn blows in distance)
RAT BOY:
Shit, man.
We been here
for over four hours.
You think Connor was wrong?
TIG:
I think you should stop whining.
I'm just saying, what if
Lin ain't moving his shit today?
What if you stopped
asking questions?
What if you weren't such a dick?
What if, when we're done here,
we go to your house
and I rape your mama?
What if you find her
on top of your dad
slamming a big black dildo
in his ass
while he's calling out my name?
Nice touch.
Thanks.
(Unser grunts)
(sighs)
How'd you know I was here?
UNSER:
I didn't.
I, uh... saw your backpack
in the closet.
Uh... seemed out of place.
You, uh...
you hiding from the club?
About Tara?
No.
Old sins.
How'd you land here?
Oh.
Wendy just got out.
Only other people with keys
are me and Gemma.
What are we doing here, son?
You can go.
(Unser grunts)
Got no place I got to be.
Seriously?
What if I change my mind?
You won't.
What's Jax gonna do
if he finds you?
What do you think?
Right.
Old sin.
Must be a bad one.
You got a plan?
To get out of Charming?
A destination?
What do you care?
No.
Not really.
You want my help?
TIG:
There they go.
JAX:
Yeah?
Yeah, it's me.
Looks like they're
about to move out.
There's two in the truck
and I think about
another four following.
All right.
Let me know when it lands.
TIG:
All right.
Truck's heading out.
Call Jury.
Tell him we should be
in Selma within two hours.
We'll meet him at Mario's
off of 117.
Okay.
You want a full ride?
Nah, keep West and
Montez on my family.
Everyone else.
Of course. Right.
RAT BOY:
They're coming this way.
TIG:
Mm-hmm.
RAT BOY:
Should we move?
Nope.
I'm just a guy on a shady street
getting cheap head.
-What?
-Come here.
-Oh, shit!
-(Tig sighs)
Are you serious?
Shut up.
Think gay thoughts.
-(moans)
-Like I have a choice.
-(Tig moaning)
-So not cool.
TIG:
Yeah.
-RAT BOY: They gone?
-TIG: Oh!
Not yet.
Oh! Not yet.
-RAT BOY: Dude! Are...?
-TIG: Don't fight it.
-RAT BOY: Are...?
-Take it all.
RAT BOY:
Are you getting hard?!
(Tig laughing)
Jesus!
(car engine starts)
JAX:
August.
Jackson.
Nero set up the meet.
I pitched the idea to Lin.
He liked it.
And the Irish can
fill the orders?
Yeah, it's just some AKs
and mods.
Money goes to Lin's buyers
down south.
A few Triad sets
that run heroin in the I.E.
You trust that'll satisfy
his need for retribution?
It's a start.
Plus, that's brown and yellow
start wrapping their head
around you being gun king.
That's good.
Smart, Jackson.
It's just survival, man.
AUGUST:
Yes.
It is.
Any word on what happened
to your wife?
Nothing yet.
Whatever we find out--
and I promise,
we'll find out the truth--
you need to understand
that the revenge
can't land on the street
right now.
Same way I didn't strike back
on the Mayans
for what happened
at the junkyard.
It would kick off a street war.
We might sell a few more gats to
the locals, but all that heat?
Crushes our expansion.
Greatest lesson
Mr. Pope taught me was patience.
In business or the street.
Don't matter.
If your emotions say "now,"
your head's got to say "later."
Clarity...
settles all scores.
Pays back all debts.
Understood.
When I find out
who killed my wife,
I won't do a thing
until the time is right.
♪ ♪
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
(knocking)
Wayne Unser's here to see you.
ALTHEA:
Yeah, okay.
It's good to see you again.
You, too.
ALTHEA:
Mr. Unser, how can I help you?
Uh...
you get a chance
to talk to Patterson...
about me, maybe, uh,
helping out a bit?
I got the impression from Thyne
that you weren't interested.
UNSER:
Oh. Well, I...
(sighs)
I've given it some more thought.
Where do you land on it?
ALTHEA:
Well, if you're worried
I see it as a threat, don't be.
I know Charming has
a complicated, bloody history.
I'm not fooled
by the Mayberry setting;
I'm very aware of what happened
to the last person
sitting in this chair.
Right.
I like the idea of having
someone local to consult with.
Is that what I would be?
A, uh... consultant?
I believe the official title
is "Consulting Investigator."
It comes out of
the County Task Force budget,
so it doesn't chew
into my luxurious perks.
It's part-time pay,
but Patterson got you
on the county insurance plan.
Sorry about the cancer.
Me, too.
ALTHEA:
Fill those out.
Eglee can take your picture
for the I.D.
You can carry, but you have
to supply your own gun.
Second thoughts?
Uh... (chuckles)
I wish.
Um, I'm somewhere in the, uh,
trillions at this point.
A terminal malady,
it tends to do that.
Constant state of, uh,
self-evaluation.
That sounds very unpleasant.
I'm gonna want to see
everything you have
on Tara Knowles's murder.
Why's that?
Just...
bringing myself up to speed.
Want to be the best
"consultant" I can be.
There's one
Sons of Anarchy member
that we haven't been able
to question-- Ortega?
UNSER:
Ortiz.
Juice.
ALTHEA:
Right.
Any idea where we can find him?
These guys come and go
all the time.
Charters up and down the coast--
he could be anywhere.
You think he might
know something?
UNSER:
About Tara?
I doubt it.
Juice is kind of, uh...
like a child.
Not too savvy.
As opposed to the other
leather-clad Mensa members?
UNSER (scoffs):
Oh.
Don't buy into that
white trash myth, ma'am.
These guys are not cretins.
Jax Teller is formidable.
As smart as he is dangerous.
Good to know.
Take it easy, Mr. Unser.
I'll try.
You have a nice day.
(door closes)
BROOKE (laughs):
Hey.
I know.
(Thomas murmurs)
Yeah?
Hey.
Here we go.
Hi, baby.
-I'm gonna take these guys
to TM. -Okay.
Chucky will watch him
while I catch up on some work.
-Okay.
-Hi, sweetheart.
-Here we go.
-Um, could I...
He keeps asking questions
about his mom
and wants to know
when Jax is gonna be back,
and I didn't know
what to tell him.
-I'll talk to him. Here.
-Come here.
Let's go get something to eat.
Come on.
GEMMA:
Hey, sweetie.
What we building?
Nothing.
You know, your Daddy's
gonna be home real soon.
Loves you so much.
ABEL:
Were you there when Mommy
went to heaven?
No, baby.
How do you know
that's where she went?
Because your mommy was an angel.
And all angels go to heaven.
Are you okay, Grandma?
Always.
So are you taking Abel or...?
No.
Best he plays here.
-JURY: Hey, bro.
-JAX: Appreciate you coming.
Good to see you home.
QUINN:
Guys, follow me up here, man.
I know how deep
this is for you, brother.
Indian Hills has got your back.
What happened to Tara--
that shit should never happen.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. Thank you.
I just need to let my crew know
what else you're gonna
need from us.
We've been doing some muling
for the Vegas Triads
into Mexico.
Look, Jury, striking back
at the Chinese is Redwood's war.
If you're worried about
blowback reaching Nevada...
I'm here to help, Jax.
I just need to know
the game plan.
Mm-hmm.
We're gonna unravel Lin--
take apart his business,
fracture all his relationships.
But for now,
no one can know it's us.
August Marks doesn't want us
to trip up
his gun expansion
with some street war.
And he cannot know
that we're the ones gutting Lin.
Black is not an enemy
we want right now.
It's ambitious.
Where does it end?
I'm gonna wait
till Lin's vulnerable,
out of allies,
and I'm gonna reach out,
offer him a helping hand.
Once I'm inside,
got his total trust,
I'm gonna let him know
that I was the one
who ruined him.
Then I'm gonna look
around his table,
at his men, his family,
ask him who he wants spared.
First person he points to--
that's who I'm killing.
And then everyone else
he cares about.
I'm gonna let him live
in the agony of that
for a little while.
And then I'm gonna end him...
as slowly and painfully
as possible.
(sighs)
I understand
your personal need here, son.
But the level of payback
you're talking about
pulls the club in
a very different direction.
The last time I heard you
share your vision,
you were talking about
cutting the ties
to the things that
were killing us.
I don't have a vision anymore.
All I see is what's right
in front of me.
(truck doors closing)
CHIBS:
This the local muscle?
Yeah.
Where'd you find them?
One of my whores.
We can trust them.
Get a 20 on Tig.
All right.
Hey, brother.
Lin's truck just pulled down
a private road, local farm.
It's too risky
to follow him, man.
No other way in or out.
-Where are you?
-TIG: Where are we?
County 201.
Lower McCall...
Lower McCall is the closest
cross-street;
it's about two miles east.
-Did you get that?
-CHIBS: Yeah.
Stay out of sight.
We're on the way.
Truck just pulled
off a private road,
a farm, just off the 201.
-Let's do it.
-Yeah.
Jury?
Let's hit it.
Chibs, see if they'll sell us
some of those bales.
CHIBS:
Sure.
Well, I have to be clean
for 18 months
before I can get
my certification back.
I test every other week.
And they're still
holding a spot for you
over at sober living?
No. (chuckles)
You'd think I'd have
my own wing by now.
(chuckles)
Is that your story?
Rehab?
Oh, yeah.
They call it Chino.
I signed up for 30 days,
but they thought
I needed a few more.
3,627 more.
Nice.
(both laugh)
The 12-step program, huh?
Yeah, right.
First step,
you admit you need drugs
to the wrong guy.
Then you get stomped on
by six pissed-off Norteños.
And they take all your dough,
cut off all your hookups.
And you spend the next two weeks
on a cold cement floor
in a puddle of
your own blood and piss,
bending out of a soul-crushing
2K-a-day opiate habit.
-Wow.
-Mm-hmm.
You make me look like a pussy.
(laughs)
Let's just say
I ran out of good ideas.
I stopped taking my own advice.
Yeah, unfortunately,
I, uh, still think
I have good ideas.
You go to meetings?
That's not really my thing.
Uh, I go to church,
unload on the priest.
I see my kid a lot.
He keeps the wound fresh.
He's got spina bifida.
His mom was a junkie.
Oh, shit.
-I'm-I'm sorry, I...
-No.
I wasn't making a judgment call.
It's okay. It's okay.
I know.
It's crazy how I can just forget
that shit, you know?
-What I did to my son.
-What? No, no!
Y-You cleaned up.
I mean, you stumbled a bit,
but you know what's right.
That's why you're back, right?
For your boy.
He's gonna know that.
That truth will work itself out.
There's this part
of me that, uh...
it gets off on-on all the shit
that Jax and Gemma stir up.
It's like...
the more broken
the family gets--
all the lies and
the violence and Tara's death--
the more I want to be there.
I mean, I know it's to help,
but...
It makes you look like
the healthy one.
Yeah.
That's some scary shit, huh?
NERO:
Yeah.
(both laugh)
Hey.
Here's what I know, Wendy.
And it's true on the street
as much as it is with my family.
If I stay in truth
and I just give it
to people straight,
you know-- no lies,
no spin, no games--
I always know
that whatever happens,
it's gonna be
the right thing, you know?
Whether I like it or not.
(chuckles)
Even if that thing is,
like, killing a guy?
Really?
I'm trying to impart
spiritual wisdom here,
and you're gonna go
step on my Zen
with, like, gangster shit?
(Wendy laughs)
Okay, I'm sorry.
(school bell ringing)
All right,
you coming in with me?
No. No, I-I got to get
over to port.
I'll pick you up in,
like, an hour or so.
Aw, come in with me.
Gemma could flip
on this whole school thing,
and I'm gonna need backup.
And she would listen to you.
It won't take long.
-Please?
-All right.
Um, but you're gonna have
to take a ride with me
over to the port
in Stockton afterwards.
That's cool.
We can go visit
all my old drug dealers.
(laughs)
So, who do we say we are?
I don't know.
The nanny and the gardener?
I'm gonna pretend
you didn't even say that.
TIG:
All right.
Silver BMW, panel truck
pulled onto that private road
about five minutes ago, brother.
It's got to be the buyers.
All Asian,
three deep in the sedan,
single driver in the truck.
All right, we do it now.
All right.
(indistinct chatter)
(speaking Chinese)
What the hell is this?
I don't know.
No one's supposed
to be working today.
Get them out of here.
(men shouting)
Yo, finish them!
♪ ♪
CHIBS:
Go, go, go!
Shit!
♪ ♪
Yah!
(Chibs yells)
Chibs!
Keep going!
Jesus Christ!
(grunting)
I'm okay!
Let's get these
goddamn rice monkeys!
Shit.
Get down, brother!
(grunts)
Nice driving.
Hey!
Monkey!
(grunts)
CHIBS:
Oh, shit!
That's Lin's?
He asked you a question.
(groans) Yes!
Triads trade their
weapons for heroin.
(groaning)
Take it.
Cheers.
(indistinct chatter)
Take all the guns.
JAX:
You should call Barosky.
Tell him we need some storage
for the hardware.
The docks?
Yeah. Somewhere his guys
can keep an eye on it.
What about the smack?
We weren't expecting the drugs.
We'll store it
with the guns for now;
I got a couple ideas
who might want it.
Like, uh, 50/50 with, uh...
Indian Hills?
You good with that?
JURY:
Yeah.
And the pile of slants?
Oh, we got that,
brother, we got it.
CHIBS:
Thanks, Jury.
Yeah.
-CHIBS: Good job.
-Come on.
(truck approaching)
Let's clean this up.
That shit was crazy fun, man.
Yeah, I'm sorry about the truck.
Yeah, it's cool, man.
It was a junker anyhow.
Hey, thanks for the work.
Nah, let me make it right.
Let me know where I can have
-my guys drop off some cash.
-Yeah?
Hey, man, that'd be awesome.
Thanks.
(scribbling)
One of Collette's girls?
NERO:
No.
Teller's ex.
Little Abel's mom.
She's been looking
after the kids since...
-She needed a ride.
-Yeah.
Some sad shit
about his old lady.
You babysitting for Teller now?
(speaks Spanish)
Those kids lost their mom.
I'm just helping Gemma
pick up the pieces.
So... I understand the Mayans
got a little business
happening waterside.
That's right.
Moving up some coffee from
our growers in Central America.
You got a place
to store your beans?
OSO:
Yeah.
But you don't need
to know where.
Don't tell me
what I need, amigo.
One phone call,
I know where
you're holding space.
On the other hand,
you telling me--
see, that lets us establish
a little trust.
(Oso chuckles)
You got it all locked down,
don't you, Teniente?
Whoa, what,
are we gonna turn this
into a pissing contest here?
Business, eh?
Business.
You need each other.
Yeah.
We're on Port Road Six.
Got some family in the ILW.
He hooked me up.
-You got product there now?
-Yeah.
How often you
loading in and out?
Shipments from Quetzal
will be coming in once a month.
We'll need access to the coffee
two, three times a week.
Folks got to have their lattes.
What's your piece, Charlie?
No piece.
Flat fee.
Week to week.
That's the way Alvarez wants it.
All righty, but you're asking
a whole lot of folks
look the other way.
It's gonna take at least five K,
make everybody happy and quiet.
Hmm.
You know, the dirty cops
in Oakland were smart.
Never got greedy.
Never let the power
go to their heads.
-All right, homie, come on,
now... -BAROSKY: No, no, no.
No. It's all right.
Let him finish, man.
I enjoy it when I hear a rapist
share a good
law enforcement anecdote.
What? You don't think I did
a little homework on you?
That rape's at the top
of your rap sheet, Oscar.
How old was that girl?
17, right?
You know, you're a scumbag just
like the rest of us, Charlie.
And that was your move,
so you don't get to sit here
and play "good cop" anymore, eh?
OSO: I'll take your offer
to the table.
We'll let you know.
(doorbells jingle)
I don't think he likes me.
Run another patrol
around Collette's place.
The Navy freaks, they're getting
a little rowdy.
They're bothering the neighbors.
Mona, right now
you're the only wetback
I don't want to see dead.
(machine clicking)
UNSER:
Hey, kids.
Where's the little monsters?
Mm. At the house.
With Brooke.
Where the hell you been?
Uh, pajama party.
Chucky.
You, uh, give us a minute?
You okay with that?
-Yeah.
-CHUCKY: All right.
I'll be right outside.
Should we have, like,
a signal or something?
I'll scream for help.
Okay, that'll work.
GEMMA:
He's very protective.
I see that.
(groans)
(sighs)
You look like shit, Wayne.
(Unser sighs)
UNSER:
I didn't sleep much.
Spent the night in a bathtub,
bound and gagged.
Wow.
What'd that cost you?
Nothing.
Juice didn't charge me.
I know you been
helping him, Gem.
Shit.
How'd you know he was there?
Wendy?
I... spotted Juice's bag there
when I was picking her up.
Went back to check it out
after I dropped her off.
What'd he say?
UNSER:
Not much, at first.
Neither did I.
That would be the "bound and
gagged" part of the story.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
He cut me loose.
He's all twisted up, Gem.
Told me why
you were helping him.
It's a good thing.
You putting friendship
over club rule.
I know that choice
didn't come easy.
No.
It didn't.
UNSER: I told Juice,
I'll tell you:
Let me know
if there's anything
I can do to help.
I'm tired of
counting bodies, too.
Thank you, Wayne.
(groans)
I'm gonna go lay down a little.
GEMMA:
Yeah.
Bring you some tea?
That would be nice.
Oh. Come on.
Get in there.
Copacetic?
Perfect.
CHIBS:
All right.
Did you get it?
Oh, yeah.
That'll help.
Think Lin knows yet?
He will before we hit Modesto.
(Gemma sighs)
Here you go, sweetheart.
(panting)
(sniffles)
So that's gonna be,
like, five days a week?
Yeah, but you start slow.
Half days.
Let the kids adjust a little.
Grandma's the only one
that's gonna need adjusting.
WENDY:
Oh, yeah. (laughs)
NERO:
Whoa.
WENDY: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What's this guy doing?
Get down. Get down, get down,
get down, get down.
Shit.
It's-it's okay.
Just, uh... just stay here.
What's going on?
I don't know.
What the hell is this?
Someone hit my gun
delivery in Selma.
All we found was a lot of blood
and an overturned truck.
Six of my guys, four of
my best customers are MIA,
along with my guns
and compensation.
NERO:
Wow, o-okay.
So why you going all GTA on me?
I'm here with your partner
trying to help secure the port.
LIN:
Only ones outside of my circle
who knew about that delivery
were the goddamn Irish.
They must've told Teller.
-The MC hit my delivery.
-NERO: Oh, no, no, no.
That-that makes no sense.
Come on, Henry, Jax set this up.
He got you the Irish guns.
Why the hell
would he want to take it down?
I don't know.
That's why you're gonna find him
and bring him to me.
Now.
Shit.
All right.
All right, I'll try.
Don't try, Nero.
Do it.
Détente is over.
(car door closes, engine starts)
So I guess you heard all that.
Yep.
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna revoke
my diplomatic immunity.
Shit!
What are you doing?!
You do understand
the way you stay alive
is that people don't know
you're here, right?
Unser found my bag.
Yeah, I got that part
of the story.
(Juice sighs)
How'd it go with
the Chinese last night?
(Gemma sighs)
I don't know.
I picked out one of Lin's guys.
Jax on board?
GEMMA:
Whatever that running beef is,
it was deep enough
for him to believe
that Lin's crew killed Tara.
He needed it.
Closure.
Yeah.
So, what else you tell Unser?
Nothing.
He was poking around about Tara.
He said he wanted to help me
get out of town.
Why?
You think he's bullshitting?
Unser's helping the sheriffs
with Tara's case.
Hired him to be
some kind of consultant.
Aw, Jesus!
What does that mean?
Well, he was relieved
that I'm keeping you alive.
So I don't think
he's gonna out you.
But you know we can't
take any chances.
Here, it's a clean burner.
Here's $4,300.
That's all I could get
right now.
I-I have money at the shop.
It's the key to my dad's house,
directions...
They put it up for sale.
It's empty...
but the power's on.
So you can crash there till we
figure out something permanent.
-Gemma...
-Pack your shit.
Take the junkie's car and go.
Call me when you get there.
There's nothing more
to talk about.
You got to leave.
Now.
(door opens)
Hey, thanks for coming.
Listen, uh, things have gotten
a little unraveled.
Yeah, we heard about
the Chinese guns.
Yeah? From who?
Fox News.
They're blaming Obama.
We got a pipeline
just like you, amigo.
I hope that pipeline
has some answers,
'cause Lin is gonna
be here any minute.
♪ ♪
(dialing)
(cell phone ringing)
Hello?
It wasn't us, Henry.
We met with August this morning.
We've been at the porn warehouse
since then.
LIN: Then it must've been
the goddamn Irish.
-Maybe Marks has them on a
string, too. -CHIBS: No, no, no.
IRA don't give a shit
about local buys.
And they hate the fact
they're working with black.
So, it wasn't Connor.
JAX: Look, I put
my Indian Hills charter on it.
They know Selma.
They're gonna dig in.
I'll find out who did it.
All right, you have
until noon tomorrow.
If I don't have something
by then, I swear to God...
-I get it.
-No, you don't!
I am done playing
by nigger rules.
I want my men, my guns
and my heroin.
Let me be very clear, Jackson.
If that does not happen,
the violence will not stop
at the Stockton/Oakland borders.
It will come to Charming.
I will turn Mayberry
into a goddamn killing field.
(knocking)
(music playing inside)
Oh, hey, man.
Come on in.
-RENNY: Hey.
-JAX: How you doing?
(door closes)
CHIBS:
Hey.
You guys want a hit?
Nah, nah. We're good.
For the truck.
Yeah, thanks for that.
RENNY:
Thanks.
-You guys partying all alone?
-GIB: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
-It's just us tonight.
-Yeah?
Yeah. That's good.
Set it.
♪ ♪
Good?
It's good.
Yeah, it's Bobby Munson.
Tell Lin we found the crew
that hit his delivery.
Yeah. Very solid.
White. Out of Selma.
Yeah, I got an address.
Well, you can come out
whenever you want.
♪ ♪
We are running
out of room out here.
I know a thousand places
to bury bodies.
Of course you do.
♪ ♪
Hey, Gibby, open up.
It's me.
God...
Gibby!
Gibby...
♪ ♪
So glad you're here, baby.
Hey.
Good night.
♪ ♪
(crying)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org